=== How to 'make' - from the command line ===
Type "make" at the command prompt in the source directory.
You can use "make clean" then "make" to ensure you have a clean build.

You should get appropriate output from the make file and be left with tagEventor and gtagEventor (Gtk/GNOME GUI version) executables in the ./bin/Debug and ./bin/Release subdirectories.

=== How to build - from an IDE ===
There are projects included for the libReader library, tagEventor command-line program and gtagEventor Gtk/Gnome GUI version for the [http://www.codeblocks.org/ Code::Blocks] Integrated Development Environment (IDE). Open them in [http://www.codeblocks.org/ Code::Blocks], select the target (Debug or Release) and hit "build" or "fresh build"...

=== Build Details ===
The project has three somewhat independant builds, each with it's own makefile:
  * Entire project (Makefile)        - build all the sub-projects
  * libReader      (libReader.mak)   - the library for talking to the reader
  * tagEventor     (tagEventor.mak)  - the command line application or daemon
  * gtagEventor    (gtagEventor.mak) - the Gtk/Gnome GUI version of tagEventor

Using "make" with no options is equivalent to "make all", which is equivalent to "Debug" and "Release" on the three builds.

Alternatively, you can use "make -f $makefilename" to build each one independantly.

All four makefiles take the following options:
  * make Debug        - only build the Debug   version
  * make Release      - only build the Release version
  * make cleanDebug   - only clean out the generated files of Debug   version
  * make cleanRelease - only clean out the generated files of Release version

and combinations of the above are allowed. e.g. "make cleanRelease Release"

These make files are used directly by the [http://www.codeblocks.org/ Code::Blocks] build system, and they are compatible with it, so if you open the corresponding project in Code::Blocks and hit "build" you are doing "make $target" ($target = Debug | Release).

If you do a fresh build [http://www.codeblocks.org/ Code::Blocks] does "make clean$target" followed by "make
$target".

Three Code::Blocks projects (.cbp files) now exist, unsurprisingly named:
  * libReader    (libReader.cbp)
  * tagEventor   (tagEventor.cbp)
  * gtagEventor  (gtagEventor.cbp)

The *gtagEventor* project reuses the tagEventor.c file but recompiles it with different flags to produce *gtagEventor.o* and then links with the rest of the files.