#labels Featured
OK, so your interested in helping this project but not quite sure in what way you can help or how to go about it practically, or how to get involved.

How you can help depends on what skills and experience you already have, and what skills and experience you want to gain through this project. 
*If you are not a software programmer you can still help.*

Read this to find out how you'd like to help, then goto *Get in touch* at the bottom of this page.

Here I describe the different areas in which you can help and explain what you'll need to know or learn to get started.

=== Google Code  ===
This project (as you can see!) is hosted on Google Code servers.
There are two main ways to interact with the Google Code version control system:
  * This *web user interface* to the system. From here you can:
    * read, edit and add to the wiki based documentation
    * browse source code, and request and provide code reviews
    * submit and update Issues (errors/bugs/etc)
    * download any file that has been specifically set-up for users in the [Downloads] section
  * Use "subversion" to add/modify wiki documentation or source files off-line.

==== Subversion - version control system ====
[http://subversion.tigris.org/ subversion] (also called svn) is a set of version control tools that you use on your computer (most Operating Systems are supported) to modify contents of the project. The wiki can also be modified off-line using subversion.

With subversion you 'check out' copies of the entire project or specific files (source code, html, wiki pages) then run, test, modify them on your computer and then check them back into the central server version where others can see them and they can be integrated into the project.

== Area: Documentation ==
Add to this wiki documentation of the project and create developer and end user documentation.

To edit wiki entries you'll need to learn a little [http://code.google.com/p/support/wiki/WikiSyntax wiki markup], but it's pretty simple and with a few commands you're off and running.

== Area: Software development ==
There are a number of sub-areas in the software that require different knowledge:
  * General software skills on the SupportedSystems and other future one's we'd like to port tageventor to.
  * Security and Encryption, Login and Keychain areas
  * USB and attached devices and Plug'n'Play
  * RFID technology, tags, readers that can be useful when writing software

The code is written in 'C'.

== Area: Testing ==
Here I refer to formal testing (functionality, performance, reliability), and possibly programming unit tests or regression tests to help avoid introducing new issues.

A specific area would also be compatibility testing across tag readers, tags and combinations of both.

= Get in touch =
E-mail me ('info at autelic dot org') and tell me briefly:
  * some background information about yourself (or a link)
  * in what area (from the above sections) you'd like to contribute
  * proposing parts of the project from the [Todo Todo] list that you'd like to work on 

Then I'll point you to the contributor agreements on our web site (for copyright and legal reasons and so you retain rights to your work) and when submitted I'll add you to the project as a member.

Andrew
